If you're depressed, you should go to a hospital. Why did you come to see me?
Because you always make me smile, Jio.
Wouldn't it be better to watch a comedy if you want to laugh? I'm not exactly a comedian.
Sorry?
Oh.
I saw this on my way here and thought it was pretty, so I bought it for you, Jio.
If you think it's pretty, you can just keep it.
I don't really have much use for this, and I hate making trash.
Jio.
Are you...
Angry?
- What? - No.
You seem a bit angry, unlike your usual self.
I thought I was responding quite kindly today.
Do I really have to hear that I look angry?
I guess I came at a bad time today.
I'll come back another time.
You're just leaving?
Jaeyoon...
(Episode 4: Can't Hold Back Tonight)
Jaeyoon hasn't called me at all.
So?
Boss, you've never been in a relationship, have you?
You'd know if you'd kissed me.
How was it?
You can tell when you kiss someone whether it's their first kiss or not.
It was your first kiss, wasn't it?
No, it wasn't.
It wasn't?
Even now?
Don't do this...
Don't do what?
I liked...
Huh?
I genuinely liked Jaeyoon.
If the person I like doesn't like me back,
It would be really sad.
Then don't like him.
What?
If you don't like them in the first place, you won't get hurt.
Stop wasting your time on such abstract emotions and focus on reality.
And stop crying like an idiot.
Boss, why can't you be honest with your feelings?
What are you so afraid of that you build up such walls?
Don't pretend to understand me.
Well, I am affiliated with this place...
Not exactly in an official capacity, but, uh...
Yoon Jio!
We have guests, guests!
- We have guests. - So?
Hey, hey!
Why, you...
Um, there are two of us. Do you happen to have a room?
- Oh, Room 201 is empty. - Thank goodness.
We'll take Room 201.
Oh, President, why are you doing this yourself?
Well, I am the boss, aren't I? I need to manage things around here.
Why do you keep using formal language...? Ah, what's wrong with you lately?
Ah, I'll do it, I'll do it, I'll do it.
Ah,
I'll do it.
Step aside. I should do it. What do you mean, you'll do it?
President, shall we start working? When should we list this property?
Or should we call a contractor and remodel it first?
No. Don't call anyone yet.
I'm thinking of taking it slow.
Ah...
I can't believe you're delaying work.
By any chance, is there something wrong with your...
Call the contractor right now!
List the property immediately! I gave you the order ages ago, why are you so slow?
Hey, why do you keep bossing me around?
I only listen to the President.
Not now, later.
Hey...
Yes, President.
You heard him, right?
Huh.
Yoon Jio.
Why aren't you keeping your promise? Why aren't you playing my role properly?
You're not doing my job properly either.
You think I'm not doing your job?
I just kindly welcomed the guests myself.
What?
We're fully booked.
Check it properly. There was one empty room in the reservation system.
Huh?
That was...
You should have asked me first. How could you give away your own room?
You should have marked it beforehand!
Why are you so terrible at everything you do?
Hah, seriously... He's the one who messed up...
What? 'He'?
You sleep on the floor.
What? How is that fair?
Keep quiet. Stop tossing and turning.
- What's that sound? - The wind.
The wind is this loud?
It's the ocean breeze.
Are you scared?
Why would I be scared? Don't be ridiculous...
The ocean breeze sounds so loud
Because the sea can't hold back what it wants to say.
Everyone has nights like that.
A night when you hold it all in alone, and you just can't hold it back anymore.
A night when you want someone to listen to your story.
Because the sea is so vast and deep,
It holds many stories inside it.
Badam Stay... Do you know what it means?
What is it?
It means a place to share a chat with the sea.
Listening to the sea's stories, and telling stories I can't tell anyone else.
How about it? The sound isn't so scary when you think about it like that, right?
I was never scared in the first place.
- Ugh... - Just come up and sleep on the bed.
Really?
Ah...
Why did our souls switch?
How should I know?
Shouldn't there be a reason?
It's like a car accident. Accidents don't have reasons.
Let's try living as each other.
Boss, you live as Yoon Jio, and I'll live as Cha Dokyung.
If we live each other's lives,
Wouldn't we get a hint on how to return to normal?
"Check In to You"